feat: add connect ADB tutorial (#301)
canonical/anbox-cloud-docs: howto/android/access-instance.md

After you authorize the connection, copy the `anbox-connect <connection_url>` provided.

> For a detailed demonstration of how to use Connect ADB, refer to the [Connect ADB tutorial](<link>).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Watch this [video](https://youtu.be/qsFF0eqj_JE) for a detailed demonstration of how to use an ADB connection to debug an Android application with Android studio.
```

The video is not yet public but is scheduled to be made public today. Once the suggested change is considered, I will wait until the video is published and merge this.

Author: Done. I've moved it out of the dashboard tab as well for better visibility.
